                      BridgeDB metrics (version 1)

BridgeDB exports usage metrics once every 24 hours.  These metrics
encode how many approximate successful/failed requests BridgeDB has seen
per distribution mechanism, per pluggable transport, per country code or
email provider.  For example, one of these metrics lines can tell us
that over the last 24 hours, BridgeDB has seen between 21 and 30
successful requests for obfs4 over moat from Zimbabwe.

This section specifies the format of BridgeDB's metrics.  Each metrics
file is formatted as follows:

  "bridgedb-metrics-end" YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS (NSEC s) NL
      [At start, exactly once.]

      YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS defines the end (in UTC) of the included
      measurement interval of length NSEC seconds (86400 seconds by
      default).

      Example:
        bridgedb-metrics-end 2019-09-18 00:33:44 (86400 s)

  "bridgedb-metrics-version" VERSION NL
      [Exactly once.]

      VERSION determines the version of the metrics format.  As the
      format changes over time, we will increment VERSION.  The latest
      version is 1 -- the first iteration of the metrics format.

      Example:
        bridgedb-metrics-version 1

  "bridgedb-metric-count" METRIC_KEY COUNT NL
      [Any number.]

      METRIC_KEY determines a metrics key, which consists of several
      fields, separated by a period:

      DISTRIBUTION "." TRANSPORT "." CC/EMAIL "." "success" | "fail" "." RESERVED

      DISTRIBUTION is BridgeDB's distribution mechanism, which includes
      "https", "email", and "moat".  These distribution mechanisms may
      change in the future.

      TRANSPORT refers to a pluggable transport protocol.  This includes
      "obfs2", "obfs3", "obfs4", "scramblesuit", and "fte".  These
      pluggable transports will change in the future.

      CC/EMAIL refers to a two-letter country code of the user's IP
      address iff DISTRIBUTION is "moat" or "https"; or to an email
      provider iff DISTRIBUTION is "email".  We use two reserved country
      codes, "??" and "zz".  "??" denotes that we couldn't map an IP
      address to its country, e.g., because our geolocation API was
      unable to.  "zz" denotes a proxy IP address, e.g., Tor exit
      relays.  The two allowed email providers are "gmail" and "riseup".

      The next field is either "success" or "fail", depending on if the
      BridgeDB request was successful or not.  A request is successful
      if BridgeDB attempts to provide the user with bridges, even if
      BridgeDB currently has no bridges available.  A request has failed
      if BridgeDB won't provide the user with bridges, for example, if
      the user could not solve the CAPTCHA.

      The field RESERVED is reserved for an anomaly score.  It is
      currently set to "none" and should be ignored by implementations.

      COUNT is the approximate number of user requests for the given
      METRIC_KEY.  We round up the number of requests to the next
      multiple of 10 to preserve some user privacy.

      Examples:
        bridgedb-metric-count https.scramblesuit.zz.fail.none 100
        bridgedb-metric-count moat.obfs4.??.success.none 3550
        bridgedb-metric-count email.fte.gmail.fail.none 10
